Good guys, I wanted to thank you first.
everyone
We're finishing the trip for the fifth.
in Sao Paulo
paulo afonso de paulo afonso and alagoas
are arriving in arapiraca and I thanked
all goianos children video if you
has a favela and leaves the
victory not only to escape from nothing end of
year
jackson thank everyone too
want a merry christmas options by year
new today in seia custody of daughter to go
so we would have others
Forget the meal, I 'm not going to say the name.
because if you say the name is talkative
speaking of another and gives that zica
everything is then I deal all the furniture
posted a video yes still want a
Merry Christmas
It is but will sewing a new actor goes
fall if will roll yet
since now the other wonderful
better than the one that is ending and
sounded the Christmas then each one with
their families even rise
and a kiss on everyone's heart
all the boys' relatives
still right that women also look around
the accompanying persons also accompanying the
children in charles warrior who
campaign is not really bad the public
the same is the staff who travels to
pick up travel condition tips
road and seven he left in
access the same desperate elderly and
there I liked the story to stay in that
video we do what I do with your
my words
far older made up for being in the
I've been on my land back to
my land
Thank God you have to thank a lot.
God bless you god I hesitated last.
I love you here, thanks to this
travel my friend but passing through
brave little problems and too much rain much
tension
It was not a very much trip by the way it was very
dangerous stressor
a hug for everyone and even
the next video in soon we will be
posting more videos I do not know if it will be
for maceió
st access there will be extinguished
that would be left
looks fell there basic bed by state
but he did not get hurt
what will probably write the plot
We 'll run away though you do not know yet.
that attracts the look of your coin and then
posting on rent a hug for everything
world we end the trip here
left one more information here
until the clover there gave 2 thousand 430 km
It is now 15 hours and that's more there
nothing to say I'm a hug to
everybody and see you soon
the next trip is sure to be
placed in which the description of the billion
hug everyone
went behind
8 429 euros would be left of the l 486
Craigs access to even more people